- Election Day 2026 -
Warmly throughout Tamil Nadu
During the voting.
The people of Papampatti village.
Due to caste issue.
The election was boycotted for the third time.
Leave and everyone come and vote.
It is important that every Indian fulfills his democratic duty.
Sir... we are ready to vote.
But. we are none of them
Knowing that you will not vote.
Not even two votes were given in the three votes. sir.
Up voted for it
Look at their status.
After voting for one day.
You can't live in fear for the whole year. sir.
Even when you go to school. you beat me. sir.
Very scary.
Honey... when do I get scared.
At that time. imagine someone's story.
Immediately fear is gone and courage comes.
Tell the story of courage?
hmm...
That is the name of courage..
Thalapathy!
V
J
If you come inside. it's a village..
<font color="
Talapati!
- Thalapathy -
Vijay
Madurai
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Ah... say Narayan.
Sir. there are 20 thugs here.
Shall I put the admission?
Or.. wait for you to come?
No. I'm changing quarters.
It will take a while.
You have finished the work
Put in the admission block.
OK. sir.
Important in the admission block
Is there anyone in prison?
Yes. sir.
A businessman named Ronald.
A major funder of the opposition.
A false case has been filed and they have been put inside.
Stop them!
- Block C Section -
I'm on my way.
what's up
Sir. you slow down.
They went inside the C block.
So?
It has "Talapati" in it. sir.
- Indian Democracy -
- TVK (Thalapathy Vetri Kondan)-
(VJ's party is also called "Tamilaga Vettri Kazhagam")
<font color="
Hey. cut!
Brother. just a minute.
When you play driving.
He pushed the sleeping grandfather and woke him up.
Come and put him back to sleep.
Then go play.
play?
Hey.. going to finish.. run away..
This is like a struggle..
Hey. put your face to sleep first.
- Thalapathy -
.. Vijay ..
- Jana Nayagan -
- Leader of the People -
If you didn't hear it right
I will say it again.
Siya wants to sleep.
I am your slave..
Grandfather slept first.
After that. Baba Logan died.
Ah...
right?
run away
Grandpa.. sit on Thidia's lap.
how are you Do you have chichi chichi?
Let's sleep..
If it's just a song.
Sleep well.
what's up
hmm...
He seems to be in a jolly mood.
What are you waiting for?
tell me
Hey..
hey
When I asked to put my grandfather to sleep.
Dancing..?
Hey!
Why are you struggling too much?
To my brother who came to finish..
Want to sing songs?
Brothers!
Bang..
Now sleep.
hey wait wait
sleeping
Hey!
When asked to cut
What are the songs?
eh?
Sia is sleeping.
up
Why are you sleeping?
Get up!
The messenger of death has arrived..
It came in the form of a king.
Younger boys
Listen to me.
It's like you're putting us to sleep by asking to put us to sleep.
The flower is mixed! Please open the door.
He is very dangerous.
Arrest them!
It's okay if you get off now.
The problem is the same as a problem
Can finish.
The problem seems to be getting bigger.
Open the gate.
Sir. so far.. 20 times.
They have tried to kill him.
But. even if you get close to him.
Vanamaran should pass Nelamaran.
Kadamban. of Kangeya
Need to escape from the eyes.
Murugan. to Velan's power
I want to answer.
p
Para
Circumference
computing
computers
<font color="
Computer horn
Computer no
Computer numbers
Computer notations too
Computer notation
Computer Numerical Teeth
Computer Numerical Data
Computer Numerical Data p
<font color="
Out of computer code data
Copies of computer coded data
Copy of computer coded data
Computer Enumeration Data Copy No
Computerized Data Copy No
Copy of computer code data
Computer Numerical Data Copy No
<font color="
Create a copy of the computer coded data
Computer coding data copy design
Creation of computer coded data copy
p
Para
Creation of computer coded data copy
Pariva
Escort
Creation of computer coded data copy
Parav
translate
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translations
Translation
Creation of computer coded data copy
translation
Translation
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation Sub
Translated by
Creation of computer coded data copy
translation upasi
Translation Assistant
<font color="
Translation subtitles
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translate subtitles
Translation subtitle c
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translate subtitles g
<font color="
About translation subtitles
Creation of computer coded data copy
The translation is subtitled
Translation and subtitling
Creation of computer coded data copy
a
Translation and subtitling
Ash
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashe
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashena
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen K
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen Circle
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen Poem
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen Kavinda
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen Kavindu
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen Kavindu
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen Kavindu (
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen Kavindu (A
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen Kavindu (AK
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen Kavindu (AKS
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen Kavindu (500* sub)
The day he was arrested and came here.
Not only in prison. sir.
Outside. everything was settled.
Not "Talapati under our protection" sir..
We are under the protection of Thalapathy.
Subtitled in the zoom.lk section.
sir sir..
Risking your life..
For saving my life..
Thank you. sir.
I don't just look around for anything wrong.
I'm coming
Sir... May I know your name?
T
V
K
- Thalapathy Vetri Kondan -
- Narayanan..
- Sir?
I want to see his file.
Case File
Thalapathy Vetri Kondan
171 / 2005
I threw a lot of pickles..
are you superman
I'm just a normal guy. baby.
But all the work.
It is called "super".
Then you are super-man.
The reason he is in jail..
His mother?
Yes. sir.
Just "the kid is the kid".
It is not enough to mourn.
If you want to live. you need to take medicine on time.
Until my brother comes..
Must have asked for bail about fifty times. right?
did you give
Won't be holding for a long time.
It is difficult to see my son.
What a cure for life. doctor.
"passion"
The desire to finally see my son.
I will go as soon as I see it.
Sir holding your legs and bowing and asking. sir.
If you send our brother..
At the last minute..
He closes his eyes with happiness to see his son. sir.
Sir. every day the old jailer comes and goes
Everyone is talking with their hands together.
They won't go away even if they jump
Orders from above.
What shall we do. sir?
When I want to see my mother. she says that she is not there.
Superman has a mother. let's go. father.
Narayanan..
Tomorrow with Vetri too..
going to the forest
is that
My mother is looking at me
Rest in peace. sir.
Our mother's last wish
To you who have done it..
how am i
Thank you. sir.
Superman. mother is gone
Don't be sad.
After this I will be like a mother to you.
Baby Amy is in the village. sir.
yes
Actually for my wife. become a military officer
There was a great passion.
Disliked our love from his home.
When trying to get him married again.
Leaving his dreams aside.
I was married.
And.. from last year's commotion.
He left me.
He was wearing that military uniform
When you want to wear it.
Did he destroy his dreams?
I feel guilty.
After he was born.
I have become a military officer.
They said that they make dreams come true.
Even when he was put in the military. that feeling of guilt
I thought it would be lost. but...
why sir what happened
no problem no problem no problem
no problem
The mother who was burnt alive in a panic
Ever since I saw
If you hear an unexpected sound.
This kind of fear phobia is formed.
How about the army with this too?
Girls shouldn't be afraid. sir.
Viji should be made like two tigers.
Wow!
Dear Viji. the life we live
Fear is never a good decision.
fear.
Even the one who scares...
They have to be kicked out and stand like this.
Then the world will listen to what you say
Paying attention
Hmmm.
are there
Hmm..
- Swaziland. Africa -
Himmler is brought in.
Get it ready to hang.
come quickly kill it
The whole prison game is waiting.
Don't open your hand to the one who destroyed our country!
In the morning in front of our president
You will be hanged.
Any last wishes?
It is going to be hanged
Ask your president.
The civil war began.
by revolutionary groups
The President was arrested.
The Swaznia government collapsed again.
Unrest throughout the country of Swaziland
The situation is widespread.
Shoot him immediately!
That's right. sir!
Himmler's mercenaries arrive.
Escape. we will be destroyed right there.
All prisoners.
who kills it
He will be free. right now!
Hey. how did you kill the people of my country?
And I will kill you.
get out Get out!
- Bobby Deol -
Hey. come on. I'll skin that one!
Run away! (Get out!)
Go away!
Sorry for being late. my friend.
The job is done in five minutes.
Shoot him!
Go!
Hanging the president
Make a video and leak it to the media.
Want unwanted feelings. attention?
American Saddam Hussein was captured
Being hanged is not a big deal.
Saddam Hussain was filmed struggling to be hanged.
They have leaked in the media.
"If you oppose me.
This is what happens."
Said that..
That's the scene.
Governments should be afraid.
It's a statement.
Mr. President!
Whoever comes to kill me
Even if it took the whole world.
Everyone. everything has been killed.
i will die
Himmler. even a photo of you is on the Internet
It was kept as a secret so that it would not come.
How did the president know everything?
Kubandu.. We are talking about our network
Gathering all the evidence.
It has been given to the president.
Himmler was arrested
If the news comes. we will all be caught.
what are you doing now
There is nothing to fear.
Everything in Swaznia is under our control.
Himmler. here is what you asked for
Everything is ready.
what's the plan
OM.
Breaking News.. "Swasnia collapses"
unknown group
Won't you see Sir in a week?
where sir
That's what he said.
He. he has gone abroad.
The police are hiding the truth
Very wrong. sir.
Break the rules and get yourself out
To the one who took
All work has been suspended
The official residence was also taken.
You will be sad if you know this
He said not to tell you.
Before leaving. August 15 will be released
To the list of prisoners.
Your name was added.
- Madurai Central Jail -
- Chennai -
sorry sir The baby is in day-care
I will leave and come to work today anyway. sir.
Yes. sir.
Surprise!
Oh. Superman!
What's up baby? fever
hmm
Brothers..!
Viji?
So Vetri...
Sir. there is a problem with your job
If you say it will happen.
I'm not going to see mother. sir.
Of a mother who is separated from her child
I too know what pain is. Vetri.
What Vetri? Not going?
Gotta go. sir.
There is important work to be done.
I want to see you before that.
Vijay. get ready.
He was dropped off at day care.
Headquarter has work to do.
No. I'm with Superman.
Superman. until daddy comes
Are you near me?
You go sir. I'll take care.
Not even a drop of tears from the eyes of the baby Viji
Not allowed to come.
Until you come back. I'll take care.
Ah Vetri. don't open this room.
All of Viji's mother's belongings have been left behind.
If he sees. he will remember his mother and be afraid.
ok
bye
Sir. sir I'm coming.
I'll be there in 10 minutes.
I eat only when my father comes.
I don't want food.
I am with my father
I want to go to school.
Vijay. Vijay..
Look at that.
Day!
Don't be afraid.
I am your friend here.
smile
I am his friend.
He only listens to what I say.
Dei. how come--
Varen! Come in... I'll finish you off.
Oh. don't bite. save!
Ai?
yes
A great girl!
Appah!
gives---
♪ The beauty that comes from a million moons.. ♪
♪ Meaning from a million poems.. ♪
♪ All crores of frequencies.. ♪
<font color="
♪ All the little - little smiles.. ♪
♪ They tell me to live.. ♪
♪ Honey. gem. wink.. ♪
♪ The one who bloomed in my arms.. ♪
♪ who resides in my heart.. ♪
♪ My own creature that gave birth to me.. ♪
<font color="
♪ Everything for me.. ♪
♪ My darling daughter.. ♪
He has no physical problem.
But. after giving the child 100% courage.
Must be made strong.
Only then will this dreaded disease disappear.
Otherwise it can be life-threatening.
- Superman..
- Um..
How do you want me to talk?
You can speak in any way you want.
You can call him uncle.
You can talk about Chitthappa.
Or you can talk about Chitta.
Chitta.. Chitta is good.
Speak the mind.
But..
Whatever problem you have.
Think "Dad" in your mind.
Wherever you are. you come forward and stand.
♪ Honey. gem. wink.. ♪
♪ The one who bloomed in my arms.. ♪
- Mamita Baiju -
right?
Eh. Chitta.. don't. don't.. give it up.
♪ My feet won't leave you.. ♪
<font color="
♪ With little eyes. ♪
♪ Stories after stories.. ♪
♪ you want to say.. ♪
♪ (Outside) Let's close the door to the whole world.. You and me.. ♪
♪ Without even asking.. ♪
♪ You have a life ready to give.. ♪
<font color="
♪ The one who bloomed in my arms.. ♪
♪ who resides in my heart.. ♪
♪ My own creature that gave birth to me.. ♪
♪ You are.. ♪
♪ Everything for me.. ♪
♪ My darling daughter.. ♪
<font color="
- Chitta.. Chitta.. (Bappa)
♪ The one who bloomed in my arms.. ♪
Hey. hurry up.
Karthik's class starts.
Sirish. call Karthik.
hey man
Are you coming to the new movie?
in the exam
you go.
Sir. time for AC.
Will they be caught if they come?
going
Hurry up guys. put the film on
There are 10 minutes left.
Daughter. can't you wait. daughter?
Daughter. paid the fine for over speeding
Hurry up. girl.
Bring the water bottle and go.
sorry sir
Run away.
Mom and Dad?
Working in a private company sir.
No mom and dad.
Uncle is there.
Give the phone.
That they are playing in circles without going to college
Call uncle?
Oh. no sir. Please.
I'll pay the over speeding fine. sir.
Over speed?
They tried to kill him under the car.
Attempted murder. 307.
Getting into the car.
Why the car. sir?
Hey. climbing!
Baby. why are you afraid?
Just... just asking.
You go. girl.
I will ask questions and send.
- Pooja Hegde -
He is in the office.
Is it important?
Cheti. a question.
Hello. Pallavaram Police..
Arrested for over speeding?
Call your AC?
Who is that inspector? Give me the phone.
The inspector did not come to the station itself. madam.
AC is speaking.
I did not arrest anyone like that. sir.
He is sick.
Already suspended four times.
do something
Mara.
Don't be afraid. for a while
After staying at the guest house. let's go home. right?
hello
Whatever you are going to do to Viji...
Asking what my name is.
Check with your department.
the boss
A name has been sent.
Find out who it is and what it is.
Thalapathy Vetri Kondan
Didn't catch it?
Why.. hesitating..?
You may have heard about the one who does Siddhi.
Have you heard of the one with the records?
That is Thalapathy.
don't touch
It will be broken.
Sir... Sir...
From tomorrow you will have two shades.
One is yours. And mine.
From now on you are going to live in fear.
They are going to die in love.
Your death... someone in this world.
For the one who wants to touch a girl by mistake.
It will be a lesson.
Sir.. Sir..
Sister will be at home in a while. sir.
I'll open it myself. sir.
don't
My girl loved watching the movie.
Take him to the movies.
- Balayya -
Jey. Balayya!
Sir! Sir...
Sir. sir. I'm sorry sir. Sir...
Don't look at any girl from now on
Don't look wrong sir.
I love the police.
go
The class has been cut like this
Is going to the movies wrong?
OK. catch it.
Without going this age
What other age?
Hey. you missed the movie. Patta Mas.
We watched a mass film.
Vijay. is your uncle married?
no
why
just
Just for GK. (for general knowledge)
Yo. mipa.. did you see?
100 because I'm going to pee
Staying safe.
Even if you search with a torch. you cannot see your side. they say.
Proud of this too.
But. came from the southern province
The leader is shaking Tamil Nadu.
It's not an easy task. you know!
Remove two peanut plants. let's eat
Yo. yo
Why did you put it in the plant like that?
Why are you going to eat that too?
take Leave it where you removed it.
did you see
Peanuts were stolen.
hid from the gardener.
from time to time
This is scientific corruption
You who have the talent to do.
Want to rule Tamil Nadu for 10 years sir.
It won't happen.
Two take turns
The boy has eaten.
The third person will eat the boy
People do not think revolutionary.
50 at the wine store at once
Hands up. Where does revolution come from?
Life is a pre-recorded cassette.
Who can change that?
Hold on. Worshiping Ranganadar while going.
Shall we have a beer?
Don't. the common cold Let's have a hot.
- Pakistan -
Children are right. old people are right.
All Indians are our enemies.
They want to kill without mercy.
Quick. quick. quick. quick!
If all goes according to our plan.
Indian history us
Always remembered with fear.
Get on the boat! Come on!
Get on the boat!
Quickly! Quickly!
Approached the ship.
stop
Coming towards Chennai.
The ship was hijacked. We got on it.
Still don't know what the plan is.
Stop that ship and release it quickly.
Got it!
- Coastal region of India -
Stop the ship!
Must check!
Last warning!
Everyone surrender quickly.
We will have to come inside.
Stop the ship!
Surrounding the ship. Bhai!
what are you doing
calm down
Let's play a game!
Don't play. bro!
If the ship gets caught. our whole plan is over!
I told you to calm down.
Forget the ship.
come on
Let's play a game.
Rias..
Where's the main guy?
I will show.
Go! Go!
What are these boxes?
Tell me!
Where are these going?
India is going to make Pakistan.
They all listen to what I say.
who are you
Why come to Tamil Nadu?
What is OM?
Tell me what is OM?
Tell me!
Show a trailer?
Betrayal breaks the heart.
Suleman..
At least now let's start the game.
Sir. where are the bullets coming from?
Don't even know. sir.
- OM -
Captain!
Like the trailer?
Leave me alone! Leave me alone!
You touched my dress.
You are going to wave a flag of death.
Are you ready captain?
The election is near.
Pakistan and Muslim terrorism
Don't talk. Votes will not fall.
We strongly condemn this attack.
We are on this matter
We extend our full support to the central government.
To the families of the fallen heroes
My deepest condolences.
That the central and state governments were inoperative
It can be seen from this attack.
Islamic Terrorism in India
that is increasing
Strong charge from Roja Rangasamy.
Pakistan border
An order from the Prime Minister to gather troops.
A fierce war heats up on the border.
So far. 100 bodies have been recovered.
Unable to recover 60 bodies.
that he is in great difficulty.
The Navy regrets to inform you.
to the terrorist attack
Strong condemnation from world countries.
To avoid war
A request from the US President.
Welcome the future Chief Minister.
on their own without evidence
India accuses
Strong opposition from Pakistan.
this..
Trailers are trending all over the world.
The main movie...
On fire!
On the thirtieth day from today.
OM begins the final attack.
India falls at my feet.
stop it
No one in this world can.
Uncle..
Um. let's go on the bike.
Viji. one more kilometer. Come on. run!
Uncle!
I can't. uncle.
I will not settle for this. please..
Run. run!
Kamon. Kamon. Kamon. Raise the leg.
Hit hit hit.. not enough. not enough. not enough power.
Mom!
Viji.
Do 3 rounds of 100 push-ups.
You have to sweat.
I will go and get milk.
Dei Karuppu!
I'll take care. bro.
Okay. bro.
Not 100 bro. Hitting 200. uncle.
Are you sweating? See how to bring it.
One...
It's ten...
fifty...
Grandfather.
Finished that bit?
Did it. uncle.
Look at this. sweat.
lying
200.
Help?
Just asked.
no sweat
So buckets of water?
This year also in the application
Just put your signature. honey.
Viji. honey.. Viji. honey.. Viji. honey..
It's been three years since I signed it. bro.
Will definitely put it this time.
brother
What this time. brother?
What happened last time?
Cars are fast.
Blast if Thalapathy hits.
Speech if someone else speaks.
Reach if Thalapathy speaks.
Did you write it?
Divya. the fridge has run out of flour packets.
Refill. sister.
Okay. bro.
hi
Kyle. Journalist..
Ah. yes. yes.
How are you. Aunty?
Auntie?
No. it looks like it's over 40.
only you what
"Ilaya Thalapathy"? (Young Thalapathy)
tell me kayal
Okay. Aunty.
Dayi. why did you push him?
Say sorry!
Hey. drop it!
Everyone is watching!
Said to give!
sorry
How can you be a journalist?
He has done M.Phil in Criminal Psychology.
Having dealt with many criminals. this is a minor thing for me.
For me.. at this age..
I don't know how to ask.
What is age?
Ask what's on your mind.
Viji Ami says he will not sign the application.
Leave something like this
Make him sign it. Please.
Signature?
Hey!
If it's just a signature. I won't really post it. Kyle.
But you have my full support.
Enough. bro.
Do it!
Um...
I don't get these.
Listen when told. understand
They are lying about something.
After this my training will not suit you.
As soon as the exam is over
Getting into the academy is certain.
Why did you come. Kyle?
Help uncle?
no
help you
You sign.
Do it and fail the physical test.
What can he do after that?
Yes!
But. as long as there is fear..
He can't do this.
Everything is possible if you try.
no i...
This is a time to celebrate.
Come on. let's start the show.
♪ Our brother's "V" concert.. ♪
♪ Thalapathy's concert.. ♪
<font color="
♪ Take a look at Arahe with your eyes.. ♪
♪ Brother's name.. ♪
♪ Shining Bang.. ♪
♪ Burning slowly.. ♪
♪ Listen. friend. sweetheart.. ♪
♪ Join with confidence .. ♪
<font color="
♪ Don't live by yourself.. ♪
♪ Don't let yourself down.. ♪
♪ Hey. someone is coming. going to make a difference.. ♪
♪ Give me a push please! This is Thalapathy! ♪
♪ An explosion.. It's an explosion.. ♪
<font color="
♪ Thalapathy's concert.. ♪
♪ Come on brother. bye brother! ♪
♪ Let's vibe with good energy.. ♪
♪ Our brother's "V" concert.. ♪
♪ Thalapathy's concert.. ♪
♪ කොඩිය ලෙලදෙවලා. සංග්‍රහයක් දීලා. සමරමුද? ♪
<font color="
♪ Are you happy? ♪
♪ Exploded.. Fireworks.. ♪
♪ Unfurled. our flag.. ♪
♪ Thighs tremble at all obstacles that come.. ♪
♪ Steady.. ♪
♪ Smile friend.. ♪
♪ Sparks.. ♪
<font color="
♪ You make it.. ♪
♪ A new road.. ♪
♪ For generations to come.
As Thalapathy's name says.. ♪
♪ This song is for Thalapathy.. ♪
♪ Show me who is like our brother..! ♪
<font color="
Who's there. show me!
♪ Hey.. Hey.. ♪
♪ One great country..(a nation) ♪
♪ At its roots. look at our sweat.. ♪
♪ A nest on a tree.. ♪
♪ It's not from mom's side.. ♪
♪ This forest.. ♪
<font color="
♪ There are no racial differences. brother.. ♪
♪ Like your love. everywhere on earth.. ♪
♪ In my brother's eyes. oh happiness.. ♪
♪ Hey. someone is coming.. ♪
♪ Going to make a difference.. ♪
♪ Dear.. Thalapathy ♪
<font color="
♪ Our brother's "V" concert.. ♪
♪ Thalapathy's concert.. ♪
♪ Come on brother. bye brother.. ♪
♪ Let's create a vibe with good energy.. ♪
♪ Our brother's "V" concert.. ♪
♪ Thalapathy's concert.. ♪
<font color="
♪ This song is for Thalapathy.. ♪
♪ Show me who is like our brother.. ♪
♪ Like our brother.. ♪
Show me who you are..!
Our brother!
♪ This song is for Thalapathy.. ♪
<font color="
♪ Show me who is like our brother.. ♪
- Brother.
- What's up?
One last dance.
ok bro
Put it!
Increase the speed a little..
Eating Wathi..!
(Gura is coming)
So.. So.. Put it like that..
♪ Bang.. Bang.. ♪
Where can't you see both of them?
It seems to be set.
Viji! What does Viji do?
Viji!
Vijay. I am asking you..
Viji. listen.
Vijay..
150 by Pakistani terrorists
More naval officers were killed.
All the corpses that cannot be identified with it
The beach is piled up.
NIA special team for the spot
Officer Sangaram came and investigated
It has started.
To the crime scene boy. quick!
Boy!
This is part of a modern weapon.
It was not a normal attack.
It's an RC war.
God
Via remote control?
yes
Can you confirm?
Ved..
Check out the manufacturers.
Yes. sir.
Sir. it is a Chinese company.
Jinja Electronics.
Get the details.
sir
Bowt Enterprises
Provided to an African company.
No details about that company. sir.
Check on the dark web.
Sir. not even on dark web sir.
Wait... wait. wait. wait.
That video. under open
Find that ID and DM.
- Swaznia Refugee Camp -
who are you
Why Look for Bowt Enterprises?
In the naval attack that happened in our country..
Used in Russia-Ukraine wars
Like drones.
Machine dogs like those in the Chinese army.
Robots are all involved
There is a doubt.
Who owns Bowt Enterprises?
Our country has been destroyed
Made a graveyard..
John Himmler.
The man of death.
Can you give details about him?
I have all the evidence about him.
I will send it now.
destruction
God!
Before he made India an Africa
Stop quickly.
Excuse me..
I will take care of the case later.
Sir!
Team! Escape!
Save evidence and weapons. Go!
Don't come out until I say so!
Officers who came to search were shot and killed.
The scientist Kalilui and the team belong to the military
He took weapons and ran away.
In the attack on the navy
Mastermind Scientist Khalil.
That he went to Pakistan for training
Evidence has been found.
To those who give a tip about terrorist scientist Khalil.
An announcement from the government to give a gift of one crore rupees.
Don't..don't..don't..
You're about to go to hypnosis.
No one is forcing you.
You can come out of this at any time.
close your eyes
You are safe now.
As you calm down. you will feel more relaxed.
Now open your eyes.
Just look at the monitor.
Where is the doll from our shop?
I saw what was inside the doll.
My husband is a police officer.
Do you know?
Burn the whole game.
Open to burn him along with the doll.
Mom...
Mom..
It doesn't matter. calm down
Don't leave them. uncle.
Don't leave them.
Uncle. don't leave them.
Don't leave them. uncle.
Vetri!
Vijay's fear..
Mana looked to capture India through O.M.
Thalapathy was taken to Himmler.
I saw a doll like this in the news.
It was this doll that caused Viji's fear. which came on the ship
Relation to dolls.
Thalapathy started searching.
- Chennai Port -
A lot of cargo has arrived on the ship that was attacked.
Why are you only asking about toys. daughter?
To an important letter. sir.
The name of that company is J.H Toys. 15 years
All the toys they brought
The details of the goods are here.
50 lakh toys.
J.H Toys.
An African company.
It's only available at specialty toy stores across India.
50 lakh toys have been sent in 15 years.
Not 50 lakh toys.
50 lakh guns.
Who are the owners of each shop?
Search for details.
Toys Universe Tamil Nadu.
Kumaravel Rajaram.
Toys Boss Karnataka. Hegde Gowda.
Toys and Toys U.P.. Bihar. Sagar.
Wait. wait. wait...
Owner's in Tamil Nadu
Say the name again.
Kumaravel Rajaram.
Who is Prince Vel?
yes
Sindai Rajaram?
how do you know
Your channel
There are in every province.
yes
Stay in every province
Call senior reporters.
[Kannada] Yes. how do you know about him?
[Telugu] About him.. How do you know. sir?
That's exactly what it says.
[English] Yes. you are right.
[Tamil] Your information is correct. sir.
[Hindi] Very.. very.. very dangerous.
15 years ago.
It's like you said.
But. who do they know now?
what are you doing
what will happen
Everything you listed
Owners of toy shops..
15 years ago
Those are thugs who shook the provinces.
- Uttar Pradesh -
- Gujarat -
- Andhra Pradesh -
- Bihar -
<font color="
- Mumbai -
- Maharashtra -
That's not the point.
They are now...
Politicians...
People..
Businessmen..
which controls a number of institutions.
Big...big...big ones.
Can't even believe it.
Every thug in India
Who put it together?
how is everyone
What happened to these big people?
Can scientist Khalil create such a large network?
Keeping 50 lakh guns
What are you going to do?
Behind Viji's fear
There is something big.
If you know that.
Not only Viji's problem.
Coming to this country
The problem can also be stopped.
- Leader..
- Win!
Now go to CM
Can give the file.
ok
What is happening around me. Karthik?
Bappa came and went a lot
Talking angrily about the army.
Did you talk to your father?
Viji. my father is not like your uncle.
It's my life. my will.
Take my family tomorrow
coming to your house
i love you
love
Listen to this..
eh?
Can you help?
What's the help?
Sir. DGP 175th of the building
On the anniversary of the National...
That's it. they said it was coming.
Sir. sir. sir.
This is a big deal. sir.
Then my brother-in-law is watching.
no sir This is yours
The government itself is in danger.
This is very important. sir.
Read it now.
Finally. your file
Came to my table.
Find out where that scientist Kali is.
Find out who and what that girl is.
That girl's name is Viji.
He is under the protection of his uncle.
Number one in Trichy
We are the builder.
There are more than 50 crore properties.
When you say let's see a girl from a big place.
say love
These days girls are also a plan
Beating and lifting the boys..
The only boy.
What to do if you die?
Iyer. have a nice day.
This is a word from the girl's uncle...
Talking in the middle..
Why are you shutting up?
No no..
Viji wants to win many things.
Now suddenly married
I have no idea to give.
What do you think of as a real father?
It's done. isn't it?
The girls won
What do you say?
Marriages are arranged.
My son will give birth to a child.
Adoptive family
Tell me to take care.
What. got it?
Coming. getting up..
What an ugly life you have?
Girls are put down like this.
If you open your mouth. say money. money.
Well. as you say. my daughter
Let's say Bandala gives.
Your son is something
He was hit by a truck and died.
Your business has lost
Fell on the road.
What is your family situation?
My daughter joins the army and wins.
And then your son
If he wants to.
Then from time to time.
By finding him
You and your son can live.
Now shut up and run away!
Karthik...
Karthik Wait Karthik. please.
Karthik. for my uncle
I apologize. Please. sorry.
Is he a human?
Behaving like an animal.
Not so. Karthik.
I can explain everything.
enough
Let's see about our love and marriage later.
First look at your future.
If you stay with him.
Nothing you think will happen.
Get rid of him first. Viji.
Viji baby.
Don't worry about anything.
He doesn't suit you.
When his father was talking like that
He just stays there without stopping.
Want to say you want to win too?
Look. you were originally in the army...
Leave me alone. uncle.
leave me
What will I do in my life?
What about you. uncle?
I don't want this army.
I loved it.
But I don't want to now.
I am married
I want to be calm.
That's enough for me. bro.
Even now.
God. leave me
You feel like screaming.
But not that strong.
See how my hand is shaking.
Vijay...
If only our father were alive.
Even if you see my condition and sympathize. you will abandon me.
Anxiety. fear. phobia
How many weaknesses do I have?
How am I gone?
Uncle is in the army...?
I salute you with raised hands.
Viji.
don't talk to me
Don't follow me.
Leave me. uncle.
Viji.
Let him have his way.
It is not right to force.
How do you leave. Kyle?
How can you leave like that?
He said it himself. haven't you heard?
Fear. anxiety. phobia
There are so many weaknesses.
This world for such a child
Do you think you will be allowed to live?
Today I am near.
tomorrow?
Don't you have the strength to save him?
She is a little girl
He speaks angrily and leaves.
Do you want to take these into account?
No matter what. only my child
I can't leave. Kyle.
Begging him
Makes you understand.
If you want. you can even fall on your leg.
His fear is.
About the goal he loved
Hatred has been created.
That fear is over.
He needs to be strengthened.
Like a tiger.
doing
let's go
Brother. the file was given
This is the girl's house.
Daughter!
Hey. run away!
Hey. get up.. get up..
Yo. why are your hands and feet shaking?
Did you come here because you were alone?
The girl should have been killed there and brought here.
Will not come.
30 people went to hell because of him.
I have seen it with my own eyes.
Haven't you heard?!
Have you not heard Thalapathy's crazy dance?
The people he gave to the jungle god
Haven't you heard about the human sacrifice of the 30?
Plunder the mineral resources worth crores.
who was a hindrance
The task of evacuating hill villages.
Our leader got it.
Don't leave a single one.
Everyone here stand up.
Hang in the trees!
If everyone didn't leave the village...
You are all on fire with these trees.
Even if we die. we will not leave this village.
Then die.
Anna!
The lamentation of people since 13 years
The forest god who was protecting that forest heard it.
Hearing the lamentations of the people. he fell on his body
Did the goddess take the spear...
I don't know if the forest god danced the Tandava...
But hey..
Every cut he made..
The towering forest is afraid.
I saw a hunt that I had never seen before.
For life for me
He gave the desired fear.
The one who cut 30 people for people..
How many will be cut for the daughter...
think
As long as it...
You can't touch that girl.
Divert.
They're not here to pick you up. bro.
He has come to pick up his sister.
Have you heard about our investigation?
Went to college in the morning.
Sister is in danger. brother.
Brother..
He is that girl's friend.
Hi. Bro.
in advance
Viji. what danger is there around you.
let me be near you
Viji. don't even talk to me.
Let's go. brother.
Just let me be near you. enough.
Viji!
Why did you do that?
Hey. Viji.. Karthik spoke suddenly.
what happened
I don't know. what's important.
Come on. let's go.
come quickly
Brother. why are you still waiting?
Viji is gone.
What do you say sister?
Yes. a while ago Karthik said he wanted to talk about something.
His friend came and took him.
Bappa is talking.
Turn off that phone first.
If that guy comes there again
creates a problem.
A number of someone named Suresh is sent.
His live location
Track and send.
Suresh?
Did Karthik speak?
Why did you bring me here?
Who are they?
Hi. Bro.
As you said.
The girl was picked up.
Let me settle the rest.
Give it to me.
Account closed.
Where is scientist Khalil?
I don't know who he is. brother.
The file was given to the CM.
Are you saying you don't know?
Did the requested help that day.
I don't know anything else about him. brother.
Last warning.
If you don't tell me where Khalil is...
Cut into pieces and ready...
Throw into the fire.
Checked the phone completely.
There is no information about Khalil.
Not even a phone number.
It doesn't look like this girl has a relationship.
He is innocent sir.
Innocent?
idiot...
Why did he not look at the file?
Kill him!
Whatever trouble you have..
Think "Father" in your mind.
No matter where you are. you are coming forward.
father
Son of Ravana..
<font color="
All those reflections are him..
The ruler of the world..
Varen. come and catch it..
If you cut it. there will be blood..
Who else is Keruma?
One like light..
Swinging.. (Gammen)
<font color="
All veins..
Stressed out..
That's yours..
Destiny..
If you hit. so..
Mind is going crazy..
(distorts)
Is there a fighting nature?
<font color="
You are crazy trying to provoke him..
Desires gone too far?
Sorry bro. you said.
I didn't ask.
It is said to kill.
she?
Uncle is coming..
Nothing will happen.
get up
When I was young. I was called love
Did you talk? what is that
Superman.
Ah... even now on the bike..
Like Superman... It was good. wasn't it?
Yo... you said you fight fiercely..
He comes along like a useless person.
If locked in a cage...
There are 60 people.
Your daughter's death is certain.
No matter how many years pass by this day...
You remember.
Two things in life
I thought it was not good to see.
One is the tears in his eyes.
And the fear of death in his eyes.
I saw both today.
Do you think you will just leave?
20 years ago
I must have heard about the hunt.
Going to see it today.
I want to know whose hand is raised.
I want to know whose mouth spoke.
The one who sent you...
I want to know who ******** is now.
The person who says who is the one who sent will be reborn from death today and start a new life.
To the one who dies from this blow
Death is a mandate.
Let's say you survived a mistake...
His life is hell.
Son of Ravana..
Yamaraju who is alone..
All those reflections are him..
<font color="
Varen. come and catch it..
If you cut it. there will be blood..
Who else is Keruma?
One like light..
Swinging.. (Gammen)
Walking is coming..
All veins..
<font color="
That's yours..
Destiny..
If you hit. so..
Mind is going crazy..
(distorts)
Is there a fighting nature?
The pride of someone who has reached the top of the mountain?
<font color="
Desires gone too far?
He is a hero like fire..
Will there be a black spot on the hand of the one who laid the hand?
Do you feel fear (responsibility) when you see who he is?
Will it just bloom?
As a dialogue..
<font color="
His story..
Who asked to touch my daughter?
An even higher one..
an enemy..
who
if sent.
He smiles..
As usual..
(Enemies are normal for him).
Son of Ravana..
<font color="
All those reflections are him..
The ruler of the world..
The girl's father
Sneak in. leader.
Hey. are you reading a story?
Stick it too.
Can you nail it?
What happened when manio came to Ayyanar's body..
It's like that. the leader.
It's like being struck by lightning once in a while.
Show it.
no
Ah. Thalapathy..
Hey. they put him in jail and killed him
Didn't you say that?
I tried. but I couldn't.
If you know this thing. it will be tension.
That there will be a problem for OM
High Command stopped.
Uncle!
talk
He made a big mistake by touching my daughter.
Kill you and cut you to pieces..
You killed me earlier. were you in jail?
Forgot?
Thalapathy Vetri Kondan.
You shot and killed...
Deputy Commissioner Amrish Poojary...
Now.. there is no death..
Immortal John Himmler.
Immortal John Himmler..
I want to show you something.
what
fear of death
<font color="
Yamaraju who is alone..
All those reflections are him..
Kill it!
The ruler of the world..
Varen. come and catch it..
If you cut it. there will be blood..
Who else is Keruma?
<font color="
Can't miss a single frame.
He wants to understand my film.
I want to understand his fear.
What bro..?
That is very wrong. Bro.
What about me!
Son of Ravana..
Yamaraju who is alone..
All those reflections are him..
The ruler of the world..
<font color="
If you cut it. there will be blood..
Who else is Keruma?
One like light..
My daughter was scared for so many days.
From now on you are going to be afraid.
Thalapathy..
I am not the old Deputy Commissioner of Police.
As much as presidents and prime ministers are transferred...
John Himmler with power.
It doesn't matter who you are.
Thalapathy's terrible game
Be ready to see.
Last warning.
Doing good to people
Don't come into this.
Save yourselves and run away.
They say that they will end you and embarrass you..
No matter what..
I have no intention of going back.
i..
is coming
♪ One name. one history.. ♪
(A history is built in one name)
♪ Erasable. not erasable.. ♪
♪ He is.. ♪
♪ Jana Nayagan..! ♪
(people's leader)
The rivalry between Thalapathy and Himlaru..
Not a personal revenge.
It was a struggle to preserve democracy.
Madurai
- 2005 -
Ah. nephew.. Varen..
Wait. uncle..
Hey. kasi.. pour two. kasi.
No. uncle. When I go home. I curse. uncle..
Hit here. I'll take care of it.
uncle.. (husband)
What happened. uncle?
I drank kasippu. my chest is inflamed.
Can't see the eyes.
Dad..
Doctor. Doctor. Doctor...
Doctor. come on. doctor.
Come and see. doctor.
No breath. doctor.
Dead. lady.
- 52. paste the entry.
- Uncle..
- 59. 60.
- because doctor.
Going over 60..?
- 62. 63...
Hey. everybody take your dead.
If you come in. where is your father?
Will you answer if asked?
Until those who sold Kasippu are arrested...
I will not kill.
Yes. we don't.
Arrested!
Hey. last warning to everyone.
Take the corpse with good intentions.
Or we burn ourselves.
If possible. to my husband's body
Look at the hand.
Let's see.
Get everyone dead. Go to the commissioner's office in procession
Let's protest ahead.
Until there is justice
Let's protest. lift up
Arrested!
Sir. the problem is big. sir.
Sir. there will be a mistake. sir.
Arrested!
The group engaged in violence. sir.
Shoot!
Arrested
Protested against Kasippu...
Shooting people...
Strong opposition from the opposition.
Caused my husband's death...
Those who sold Kasippu...
People who protested were shot
Until the arrest of the perpetrators...
I'm not getting up from here.
To death of husband in front of Kannagi square
Porkodi campaigning for justice.
Public support for the agitation will increase.
Madurai officials to be transferred simultaneously...
An order from the Chief Minister.
Sheela Rani got first place in IAS exam...
As District Secretary.
Amrish Pujari who topped the IPS exam...
Also appointed as new DC.
To ensure the safety of the people...
Don't hesitate to give your life...
A controversial statement from DC Amrish Poojary.
Aren't you ashamed to wear the uniform?
Kasippu is brewed only in this district...
You couldn't catch a single one. why?
will someone stop
I want to know the reason.
Sir...
Hey. can't you shut up?
I will say. sir.
Go in and see. sir.
You will understand who it is.
Roja Rangasamy.
That name is not only in that file. sir...
All the files you see here are there.
Not only Kasippu. sir.
Cannabis. illegal courts.
Granite Quarries. Sand Quarries.
Murder. robbery. contracts..
All anti-social. criminal. vile acts.
All this is organized by the untouchable.
One and only. unbeatable.
Roja Rangasamy.
Powerful enough to scare even CM
A politician sir.
Hello..
District Secretary of the ruling party..
Roja Rangasamy is speaking.
Rigadin?
(about what?)
What is "Rigadin"?
About what?
O.
About whether you want to live or not.
You are talking to DCP.
Like the law written by Ambedkar...
I also wrote some rules.
Roja Rangasamy Law.
According to my law.
Before viewing files in Office.
want to see me
I want to give the first salute.
Come and run away.
is coming
Hit you. clothes in stone
Pulling out of trousers.
Prepare the troops.
Collect the entire legion.
Surround the building.
No one can go out.
No one can enter.
get up
sir
Sir. I don't know where you came from.
There are thousands around the house.
There are tens of thousands around the road.
More than 100.000 throughout the area
We are surrounded. sir.
As soon as you walk into the record room.
My people came out.
here
Hey!
To undress.
Need power. power.
it's here
I have
Give..!
Hey!
Who made you DC?
Oh?
You worked hard. you studied yourself.
You yourself have passed and become a DC.
But I
Ten lakh people have voted
A representative of the people.
There are millions of members
District Secretary of a party.
Not just the district secretary.
We are local kings.
All officers like you.
It is always individuals.
But politicians
It's always a group.
Hey!
bring
Be right even after this.
Wear this and walk with dignity.
Hum.
sir
Are you asking if this is also a problem?
We made a bet
played he won
Continued for the third day
The ongoing hunger strike.
It is a conspiracy of the opposition
Roja Rangasamy becomes Urana.
College students wear black belts and
School students support the struggle by distributing advertisements.
brother
This is Porkodi's daughter.
Ask your father to support you.
ok sister
Selvi.
Tell me brother.
Mom!
One hour.
If you don't get up. like the dress came.
The daughter is not coming.
Stop the struggle.
Waving in the wind
Not my daughter's honor.
The honor of this country.
To the power of a flag tree of the ruling party
Schoolgirl uniform waving against.
Modern Kannagi's struggle for justice.
Porkodi's outfit video spread across the country.
Roja Rangasamy was immediately arrested
Women's organizations emphasize that it should be.
Leader. look at all these things
Looking to get some action? After that. there will be no party in six months.
That girl's fast is
It is a big problem.
Please..
I will take care of that.
Sir. Roja's men are down.
Do something sir.
What is this big file?
An inspector named Thalapathy.
That the mountain people had a hand.
30 has a mule. sir.
Arrested?
We are the ones who did it
5000 mountain men surrender. sir.
What did you do after that?
A different punishment has been given. sir.
what is the punishment
Transferred. sir.
where to
Mom!
Sir. the knife hit the neck by mistake
Five or six dead. sir.
Surrender. sir.
If there is a problem. keep the fire immediately.
Fasting is useless.
The one who comes to hit should hit back.
Eat well first.
My daughter is from then. will eat
will come
to eat
go
Go and talk.
Hearing his voice.
Your voice will change.
The body is throbbing.
He says to shoot.
Come and shoot.
go
Inspector TVK is speaking.
Your DC is running out of its pants.
You won't even have that left.
Ask to keep a glass of water near you.
why
If you want. tell me.
Take a glass of water.
had
What are you going to show?
Mr..
Thalapathy.. Send your heads. Mr.
If Porcodi's daughter had not come here now.
With a hundred times more hatred for his mother.
I'm coming
Your whole empire..
The daughter will come.
Sir. sir. sir..
Did you think you were scared?
Look. tomorrow is a celebration at my house.
You two must come.
You should come in video news like laughing and eating with me.
If that didn't happen.
Today I saw the body of that girl without clothes.
You will have to see your mother tomorrow.
after that.
I will have to see your lifeless body.
Tell them to prepare for the ceremony.
Talaiwa!
Everyone should leave after eating.
Bye. bye!
to eat
Thalapathy.
A family that has been in politics for fifty years.
My grandfather. my father. and now me.
Tomorrow my son. grandson.
He is in politics.
What we say is what happens.
Knowing all this. came..
If you want another man. ask.
I will send
To give it up and struggle.
What is flag raising?
Sleep with my son
Your daughter must be lucky.
Would you have been saved if you had cooperated?
It's nothing TVK. a lot of girl
Knocked down. died on the beaten path.
Here is this cynic. what happens when he comes to life.
That there is a body..
Ravana's son..
This is the lonely person..
When telling a serious story. this fool laughs.
<font color="
If you cut it. there will be blood..
You say. sir.
Hey!
Hey! The gentleman had his hand.
Not a single policeman can leave alive.
Son of Ravana..
Yamaraju who is alone..
All those reflections are him..
The ruler of the world..
<font color="
Walking is coming..
All veins..
Stressed out..
That's yours..
Put the gate!
Destiny..
If you hit. so..
Mind is going crazy..
(distorts)
Don't even move.
We have to wait and see what happens here.
Hey! Open the door!
Dear. Thalapathy.
Leader..!
Hey! Open it. quick.
Look. the consequences
It goes on without knowing.
Ambedkar to the one who does not follow the law
Henceforth. the TVK Act applies.
If I stay me. if that happens.
The poor do not suffer here.
Did you hear the sound?
People were cheated and exploited
All the chairs you've grown up sitting on.
It's going to burn.
It's going to be broken.
Son of Ravana..
<font color="
All those reflections are him..
The ruler of the world..
Blessings to all Tamil women.
Be with you always. sir.
This is true.
♪ One name. one history.. ♪
(A history is built in one name)
♪ Erasable. not erasable.. ♪
♪ He is.. ♪
<font color="
(people's leader)
♪ Our people don't think.. ♪
♪ There will be no change.. ♪
♪ came to give.. ♪
♪ A noble man.. ♪
♪ Hearing your name.. ♪
♪ The body is stoned.. ♪
<font color="
♪ Heart melts.. ♪
♪ If you stand as a tower. ♪
♪ One nation will live.. ♪
♪ If you go away. ♪
♪ Our lives will also go.. ♪
♪ It's your own war from now on.. ♪
<font color="
♪ Amy. on the one hand.. ♪
♪ In the soul. in the soul.. ♪
(lifelike)
♪ The story of this sword will not be erased.. ♪
♪ These blood stains will never end.. ♪
♪ Until he is in the field.. ♪
♪ Fear will remain.. ♪
<font color="
From now on. dumping fake sand.
Distilling bootleg liquor.
Corruption. revenge. caste...
Stop everything here.
From now on I won't say it.
cut into pieces.
They throw it into the river.
Be careful!
♪ His frenzy does not sleep.. ♪
♪ His flag does not come down.. ♪
♪ His head is not low.. ♪
<font color="
♪ Three times nobody.. ♪
♪ He is not the same.. ♪
♪ His fame will not fade.. ♪
♪ A lion is not a bull.. ♪
♪ Millions of mountains.. ♪
♪ Wherever you go.. ♪
<font color="
♪ Falling like rain.. ♪
♪ To the happiness given.. ♪
♪ It is time for us to give thanks.. ♪
♪ Our hearts.. ♪
♪ Every day you.. ♪
♪ We will carry you like a dream.. ♪
<font color="
♪ Life. body. drops of blood.. ♪
♪ Amy on one side for support.. ♪
♪ In the soul - in the soul.. ♪
♪ The story of this sword will not be erased.. ♪
♪ These blood stains will never end.. ♪
♪ Until he is in the grass.. ♪
<font color="
♪ One name. one history.. ♪
♪ Erasable. not erasable.. ♪
♪ He is.. ♪
♪ Jana Nayagan..! ♪
(people's leader)
DC looks very difficult. ma'am.
Break the door quickly
Better to start treatment.
With this humiliation.
Why live?
Marion!
who is that I'm going to die
Who's to stop?
Why do you want to die?
Then not dead. shamed and powerless
Do you mean being a slave?
Is it your fault?
Is it your mistake?
Don't you understand?
Varen!
Here again!
Hey look here. look here.
Look here. ten years ago
He was selling ganja.
Counselor today.
This one... This one was 15 years ago
The cases of the village were heard.
Chairman today.
This beggar is a sand thief.
Today he is MLA.
He who rules all these.
District Secretary of the ruling party.
We are a good country
Because you want to change
All criminals like this
Arrested and put in jail.
But these people. this public...
The same criminals we arrested
Voted. appointed. and in power.
We should salute.
Salute sir! Salute!
Not only here.
This is the situation all over India.
With this humiliation. powerless
I cannot live like a slave.
Give me my gun!
Give me the gun!
Get out!
Hey! who are you
You are me.
After this you are nobody
I am not going to be a slave.
The whole of Tamil Nadu is going to be your slave.
how are you
You don't want this slave police job.
Go to politics.
Take power.
Who will vote for me?
An uneducated fool like Roja.
If people are tricked into voting.
You who have studied. can't you cheat better and get votes?
How can I be alone?
Like Hitler and the Whites did.
caste. religion. language. race.
Separate them according to area.
Start a fight.
Let people die.
With a controlled democracy.
This is wrong.
People are sinful.
Didn't you just say that?
This country has voted wrongly
It was these people who destroyed it.
So who are the real criminals?
people
No! No!
is wrong
- No mistake!
Wrong! Wrong!
No mistake. no mistake. no mistake!
Wrong. wrong. wrong!
Do what you say or not?
can't
Then die!
Marion!
-Wrong!
-Marian!
Wrong!
Sir!
Roja was arrested.
Put the uniform on the village. sir.
This has no power.
The uniform I will wear from now on.
Another one.
don't be afraid
To take revenge on you
I'm not stupid.
give me a hand
You were insulted.
Now there are no positions in the party.
Why did you come?
Why do you need a party position from now on?
You are going to start a single party.
I will give you election
Going to do CM.
You are my deputy
Going to be the Chief Minister.
didn't understand
But first brought me to this situation
Say something to kill Thalapathy. I will.
Everywhere else
People celebrate him.
If you kill now. you will become a god.
It cannot escape alive
It should be opened in a cross.
Tell me the plan?
Hey!
What?
Sir. I want to meet Thalapathy sir.
Something very important.
Leave for two days.
Going to a party.
My name is Elias Sir.
40 color bombs for a school event
An order was given to make it. sir.
While making up...
What is this?
Gelatin. RDX all come and unload?
Ilyas. this is for God.
You should keep your mouth shut.
If there are so many things
Do you know how many people will die. brother?
by death
This is to say
Went to see DC. sir.
Alra organization blamed for the bombing
With the assumption of responsibility. a religious conflict arose.
The ruling party. the people from the terrorists
that it failed to protect.
'Mahajan Party' started to protect the people
Roja Rangasamy announces that he will.
Contesting all 234 seats in the upcoming elections
He vows to defeat the ruling party.
why
Why?
That many people?
by death
This is...
This is just the beginning.
wait
What am I going to do?
Listen completely.
Then get angry.
Now all over Tamil Nadu
Riots spread.
People vote based on race and religion
People will vote for us.
Our party will come to power.
Power comes to hand.
All of Tamil Nadu
I'm in control.
Hey hey hey!
Think like crap.
am i
If you are offered a job in a company.
How many questions do you ask?
Have a vision? Have you learned?
Do you have experience?
How is the character?
But for the vote. there is nothing.
In our religion. Vote.
Our nobility. the vote.
Our sign. the vote.
I'm not stupid.
People are stupid.
The one who calls people idiots
He is the biggest fool.
You were born as a laborer's son
How did you become IPS?
Votes only if you do something good
The compulsion to buy is.
Learning for the uneducated.
Houses and self-respect were taken away.
A few people may vote wrongly.
We are the ones who need to step down and change it.
Made to change people
Everyone has lost.
I want to use their stupidity.
Although to do good here.
It can only be done in the wrong way.
The revolution in my mind is right.
Coming from one insult. one incident
A change of mind is not a revolution. but a revenge.
Change is a process.
It will happen slowly.
No matter how much you say. you don't understand.
Sir!
Elias!
You. you serve the people
Didn't study IPS.
Learned from lust for power.
He is a terrorist. arrest him.
Both of them had bombs.
It's not good to be alive.
Mom. your son is with terrorists
Have been in contact.
To DC who found it
They have been shot and killed.
Weapons in your house
Is it true that it was hidden?
yes
Leave them for you.
Why did you stay with me. uncle?
Dear Viji.
Do you remember something you said when you were little?
You said you were my mother.
When mom is in trouble
Does anyone leave?
From now on. I will listen to whatever you say.
As planned. Roja is a single party
It started and reached the third place.
But it is to seize power in Tamil Nadu
If the plan is
Why weapons all over India?
Who gave money for so many weapons?
Scary to think about.
I think we are the first
Need to talk to central agencies.
What do you say if you ask for evidence?
Himmler with a very dangerous ideology
Going to do something.
I want to find out his whole plan.
Until then. we need a safe place.
- Army Training Camp -
The right place for that
Army training camp.
How do we get into it?
It is from Viji's training.
Fast!
Up!
Good morning. Major.
Your daughter's application was rejected. why did you come
No... it's easy if you train
He said he could pass the military test.
That's it. please. Major.
This is how most girls are
Willing to come and join.
It's two days.
It is difficult and runs away.
The girls didn't even notice
It is suitable to work.
They don't have that strength.
You are talking wrong sir.
Are there no girls in the army?
Am I talking wrong?
Women are weak!
Shall I prove it?
Put your bag down!
Run! Run!
Fast!
I said fast!
Fast! I said fast!
Fast!
Can't even run three laps in one minute.
Do you want to see more?
I'll show you more.
Down! Down!
Do push-ups!
kick off!
One!
It's two!
It's three!
Can't even do ten push-ups.
trembling
Did I say it wrong?
Do you want to see more?
You! Into the ring!
Sooraj!
Sir!
He is the best student in my academy.
He will now show you the final demo.
Sooraj. kick it out.
He is not trained at all.
How can he beat a boy?
are you hitting
There is no chance for that.
Take at least one hit
Let's see if there is strength.
Sooraj!
That's right. sir!
One more hit will kill you.
Your daughter was taken away
Learn to cook well.
This military training is not going well.
hmm...
Let's do the same. sir.
Uh...?
The best student.
Oh...
He is a man.
Let's give it another chance.
If I teach my daughter to cook.
Then what do you teach him?
What bro..?
That is very wrong. Bro.
There is a very talented person. but...
Very... very narrow minded.
i will take care
Come on Viji.
Sir. bought chocolate for my child.
Touching the body in the wrong way. sir.
The cynic!
Take him to the station.
Kyle.
take the child
Do you always give chocolates like this. baby?
It is wrong for you to have such a hand
Wasn't taught at home or at school?
Where is the baby's school?
Right on this campus. sir.
Hi. everyone. I am the Principal.
Dear parents...
...and teachers on the 75th anniversary
welcome
What happened. sir?
Kyle.
a minute
My dear little friend.
Uncle is going to teach an important lesson.
Is everyone listening attentively?
yes..
Out loud!
yes
yes..
Played with you and gave chocolates
Keep your hands on your body.
Then you have to be very careful.
If you touch three places on your body
That's a big mistake.
Whoever had it. ran away quickly
I want to tell my mother.
One. the chest.
Whoever had a hand here.
I want to tell my mother.
Two. the back below the waist.
Even if you reach here.
I want to tell my mother.
Three. between the legs.
Between your legs.
If you put your hand there. it is a big mistake.
You should run and tell your mother.
These three places were with you
Even a playmate.
Even a teacher who teaches lessons.
Even the uncle next door.
Why in our house.. You can be a grandfather. you can be an uncle
Can be. can be brother. can be brother.
Although he is a great father.
I want to tell my mother.
Mother is not alone.
Mother is not good to be alone.
I was born in the forest. Tiger on sight
It is clear who is who. the fox.
But here is a fox disguised as a deer
There are. as well as spinning wolves.
Be careful children.
No matter how tired an animal is
Can't be human.
But be a man an animal.
Just seeing a girl.
After that. just in the bag
Holding a pepper spray.
If anything. this candle
keep burning
It's not good to be like that.
Hit the person who touched the body
It should be made in such a way that the skin is beaten.
A tiger... should be made like a tiger.
No matter how much you do.
They say that women have no strength.
Stupid right.
His mother suffered while giving birth to him
There is no way he could have seen the fire.
If you have seen it. you will understand.
What is the strength of a girl?
More for other lessons
This lesson is very important.
Do it every day.
In another year. your daughter will join the army
Become an officer. will be
Come on..
This is the security radio room.
There is also the direct satellite network you asked about.
Kyle. you get to work.
Stay in Himmler's network as requested by Thalapathy
Taking complete details of people.
An even more important proof
Showed to Thalapathy.
- OM -
Look at the navy officer's hand.
OM... that means?
At that time DC went after Khalil's wife.
He was kidnapped.
Where are the evidence and modern weapons?
started to bother me.
Raise Himmler Thalapathy
Took a short cut.
Go!
See. you have nothing to worry about.
Physically he was perfect.
But mentally...
That fear is holding him back...
All right. sir.
Whenever you can
Then you need to use it.
Hey Viji. what are you doing here?
hi
Hey!
He is training now.
Do not disturb.
I just want to talk to Viji.
They say no.
I will talk to you once. sir.
Uncle. let me come.
Karthik. come on come on.
sit down
Sit down. sit down.
I started a business.
That's big.
Oh...
What is this military work?
Don't want these.
You can't do this.
come with me
Let's get married and enjoy our lives.
I am not discouraged like you.
Greetings
What are you crazy about?
Are you going to fall into his trap again?
Playing with your life.
He is someone else.
sit down
Sit down. sit down.
what did you say
Did I get caught in a trap?
hmm
Are you playing with my life?
Do you know the meaning of sacrifice?
Abandon your business.
wipe my shoes.
Made me juice.
Can you follow me for an hour?
12 years that man in his life.
in the future.
Dropped everything and was there for me.
I tolerated the scolding.
Took insults.
If I smile. I smile.
If you cry. you will be sad.
Always with love
Viji. Viji baby...
Who does these?
A girl in front of the world with such respect.
It is said that you have to stand with courage.
i am there
Be there for him.
It doesn't matter if it costs me my life.
More... what did you say?
Are you a jerk?
My boss.
my friend
my brother
my uncle
The father who did not give me life.
In his mind because he has been bothering him since childhood
I thought there would be anger somewhere in the corner.
Did you hear that. Kyle?
i..
He said father.
That's enough. Kyle.
One more step. one more step
Viji has been taken up.
It is hindered by fear.
The fear he gave to Viji and the people of this country.
I want to get rid of that fear.
It needs to kill him first.
What is OM?
Find out where Himmler is.
Raise people in his network
Thalapathy made a plan.
Himmler hatched a plan to raise Thalapathy.
How do you get him out?
I know that.
Roja with 500 people
Tell them to climb into the forest.
Tell all the hill dwellers to rise.
He will come.
Hey!
Children. women raise their hands and fins!
Hey! The door opens!
Anna..
Anna! Anna!
Can't see. Anna.
Who can't see?
everyone
Anna! Only one woman
Sitting in front of the idol. Anna.
Hey!
where is everyone
where
Tell me!
Burn this!
do you say will you die
Meki's clothes are taken off
Fire it up!
It has a glass of water.
you will want
here
Hey!
He is here.
Go to the forest and find out!
Hey!
Are you looking for Thalapathy?
See Thalapathy coming!
<font color="
Yamaraju who is alone..
All those reflections are him..
The ruler of the world..
Varen. come and catch it..
If you cut it. there will be blood..
Who else is Keruma?
One like light..
<font color="
Walking is coming..
All veins..
Stressed out..
Son of Ravana..
Yamaraju who is alone..
If Roja opens her mouth. everything will be caught.
How could you be so careless?
I have worked for this for 15 years.
How is OM going now?
OM will definitely happen.
No one can stop it.
If I command... if it happens...
Some for passion. position. money
Touching other people's legs.
No shame.
There is no flaw in it.
He always holds the sword.
The future will come. my duty will come.
I will destroy the sound of this gang.
Do good to people
Get into politics.
Do you want to steal or kill?
Coming to politics?
What is OM?
With so many guns
What are you going to do?
I know that he will come to me next.
I'll tell you. I'll tell you everything.
But you can't stop it.
We cannot even prove that we did it.
Because it was the people who did it.
It is the people who are going to do it.
The day you shot DC...
Shahul was the bomb for us..
Thalapathy's men have been captured.
you anytime
The police will come to arrest you.
If I'm still alive.
DC is set as dead. in your house
Armed. scared your mother.
Made to testify against you.
And then through my gun suppliers
Made DC flee to Africa.
Then in many countries throughout Africa
Civil wars were going on.
Many companies are worth lakhs of crores
Natural resources were being looted.
But there is only one country leader named Swasnia.
No company was allowed to enter.
Discovering this. DC went to the company.
I made a pact that I could capture Swasnia.
Swasnia entered.
Slowly. doll making companies started in Swaznia.
Guns were smuggled through it.
Racial-religious organizations were formed within the country.
Using those organizations. my nation is great.
My religion is big..
Sowed hatred among people.
Day by day that hatred has increased fiercely.
A riot started.
Exactly at that time. in the doll company
The guns he had smuggled.
They started giving it to people for free.
Civil war broke out.
Shooting each other with race-religion frenzy
Hundreds of thousands of people died.
Swaznia surrendered to the companies.
Co.. DC's Death Man
John started calling Himmler.
India is like Africa
There are many differences.
race. religion. language.
States. North. South.
If this plan is implemented.
Like Africa. India too
Our legs fall under.
- Project O.M -
OM..?
Operation Meluga.
Meluga is a name for old India.
My name is India.
Name of New India.
First phase of OM.
Guns for India like Africa
Must be stored.
Hindu religious organizations.
Muslim religious organizations.
Christian religious organizations started.
Starting with IT departments. war rooms.
We are superior. they are inferior.
A lot of historical lies were spread on social media and WhatsApp.
Hate is the greatest weapon in the world
Unknowingly. people bought it.
Now the final attack.
Weapons. guns
As soon as it goes to people.
A civil war erupts like Africa.
People have to vote
Rights are lost. totalitarianism sprouts.
The power is coming into our hands.
If Indians like Africa
Arms up?
Did you think they were so stupid?
People don't take up arms.
We are the ones who shoot.
When we shoot.
People who hate people should be supported.
This is how the person of that religion should be shot.
This is how the person of that race should be cut.
This is how it is for the person in that state
People say they want to fight.
Where and when will the final attack take place?
Today.
In another hour.
A lot waiting to loot India
Countries support Himmler.
You can't do anything.
Get away.
- Chennai Police Headquarters -
Who is protecting the whole of Tamil Nadu
of the Tamil Nadu Police Department
Director General Building Re
To attend the opening ceremony.
The governor and I are proud.
This building has a history of 175 years.
Let's revisit that proud history.
Ho ho.. stop! Stop!
Get rid of them.
come on
Hi. stupid!
Occupied the office of Tamil Nadu DGP
Pakistani terrorists.
All the most important people in this state
stay with me
Who is going to rule the state?
Who should I talk to?
I am Sheela Rani. Chief Secretary of Tamil Nadu.
I am the one who governs the state.
CM. Governor. DGP. Commissioner
If you want them all alive. there are three demands.
The first request. whatever it may be until it is revealed.
Not a single policeman can come out of any station.
TV and mobile signal cannot be cut.
can't do
Make it possible.
Do not accept the demands of terrorists
A notification from the Prime Minister.
Departing troops.
In the rescue team of Major Gilbert Singh
Appointed as Commander
An order from the Prime Minister.
to accept this mission
We have received orders from Delhi.
Tell me the action plan.
If you sneak in and attack at once
Everyone can be saved.
do
Attack the enemy.
Military. Para-Military. MARCOS. NSG.
Reserve Police. Commando. Garud.
It's all down. bro.
How to fix?
Soon the governor. the chief minister and everyone
The army commander has said that he will be saved.
Let's go to D.G.P office.
Take the car!
Brother. before DG. brother.
I will come in 10 minutes. Police barriers
Take me inside the DGP office after passing.
Hey. Thalapathy. not you. nobody else
It cannot be entered.
They have what China has
RC Warfare weapons.
Soldiers!
There are 25 terrorists
are inside
The building was surrounded at the same time
If attacked from all sides.
Easy to catch.
How's the energy?
High. sir!
Take a seat!
Forward!
What are you doing now. brother?
The RC war.. starts here.
Stop!
The terrorists are coming!
Strike!
Shoot the robot.
fall back!
Escape..!
We have the goal.
We are in control from here.
Urgent notice! Urgent notice!
Not even a single hair of mine can be removed.
Shut up and do what I say.
To the threats of terrorists
The surrendered government.
Shut down the station.
All over Tamil Nadu
Police stations were closed.
Salman. let's go to the next level.
Governor. Pakistani terrorists belong to this religion
Tell them that they only find and kill people.
Is that so?
By destroying the people of your religion.
India is making a Pakistan.
In various districts across Tamilnadu
Attacks on shops and houses.
Hey. run away!
Save Uncle!
Leave that boy alone.
Hey. inside the DGP office
how are you going
Tell me!
Only at Scientist Khalil's.
There are weapons to counter it.
He was also picked up.
Hey. where's Scientist Khalilwa?
Are you abducted?
tell me
Tell me!
Orphan 12 Building.
who are you sir
Can't come here.
Khalil... Khalil...
See here.
Remember this girl?
I am the father of this girl.
A former police officer.
Himmler attacked the DGP office and CM.
The governor caught everyone and put them inside.
DGP went inside the office
Only if Himmler is destroyed..
Weapons go to people
Can be stopped without.
But... they are RC War Weapons
Keep and attack.
The weapons I found to stop that war.
Evidence about Himmler...
...mine in the safe house
Assistants have.
Where is that safe house?
Victor. Last Strike
Take it to the next stage and run away.
Only one temple as planned
Just blast it.
It was done by people of a different religion
Spread on social media.
Take 20 guns to the people and run away.
If people pick up guns.
Our work is done.
can go
Our temple was demolished! It is their church
We want to break the church!
Get it!
Don't miss a single one!
Let's get up! Let's get up!
They are going to break our fish tank.
Can't stay any longer.
Before that. let's break their temple.
- If stuck..
- Destroying..
If only one of us would help our church
Shoot and kill!
Later... later!
Weapons rampant across Tamil Nadu.
A risk of civil war.
Without someone to save the people
Tamil Nadu is helpless.
Khalil is fine. don't worry.
Thank you very much. brother.
Where are the weapons?
This is what Khalil sir made
The High Frequency Interceptor Armored Truck.
10 minutes for any kind of attack
This armor withstands the truck.
But more than that if the attack continues
The vehicle collapses.
Bulletproof clothes for those driving that vehicle.
We have three laser guns. sir.
Electronic warfare will destroy.
These are interceptor guns.
The remote cuts the frequency.
Keeping only these prototypes
Can you stop so many weapons?
No. ma'am.
As we researched.
Can be used in two ways.
One can be used as a manual.
The other can be used remotely.
Stop both and make another plan.
What's the plan?
Friendly Fire.
The machine cannot think.
If programmed as who is the enemy.
They are attacked.
Why. they attack even themselves.
how are you
People call religion madness and caste madness
Once programmed. they are disturbed
Killing with bombs. Is it like that?
yes sir
But Friendly Fire for their machine
If you want to program. that building
We need to go to the control room inside.
I have a plan.
get ready
Kyle.
Record what I say.
Now my helicopter is coming.
No one can stop it.
From you for my safety
Someone should come with me.
This happened in 30 minutes
Everyone is free.
Who is going in the helicopter?
We are ready sir.
Evidence is in this drive.
Remember the plan?
go
Viji with me ever since.
Why a risk?
Come with me.
Not only for people's fear.
Even for Viji's fear. today's decision must be known.
Tell them to open all barriers.
Bhai. an unknown drone is ours
Crossing the side.
Follow that drone.
That drone went into an armored truck.
go near
Son of Ravana..
Be alone. man..
Blow it up!
There are heavy signal jammers at a distance of 100 meters.
Can't go near.
Shoot from a distance.
Armor down is 83%.
57%.
Missile activated!
Ah!
Send in the big boys.
Uncle!
Teja. lock the door.
25%.
20%.
Uncle..
9%
6%
4%
1%
Uncle..
"a friend"
"an enemy"
- Friendly Fire Activated -
Yes!
Yes! Yes..
"an enemy"
Don't let it come in.
are you ok
Tell people to stop giving guns.
In a little while. people of one religion
Temples of other religions are broken.
After that. there is continuous unrest in India.
In a few years. weapons will increase
People lose control.
After that. join the democracy. (sigh)
I am the king.
Don't worry. son.
If this bomb explodes. we are not the only ones.
Innocent people die together.
How much more drama will you do for the post sir?
Drama?
What is the son saying?
In the collage function
The file my daughter gave you.
How did it get to you?
I gave that file to CS Srilatha.
He also looked at it and said. "Nothing sir. I will take care of it."
Sheelatha is my girlfriend.
Both of us are batchmates in UPSC training.
To look back at India itself
It was our dream.
What's the plan?
OM.
OM? All the important officers are the same
Does not join together in a function.
i will take care
Uncle..
The loss of democracy
Look. Marian.
If even one stone in Doom is damaged..
Not one will leave alive.
If you touch the church. the head will not be spared.
Everyone is finished. are you coming
Do not break the mosque
The saved Hindu people.
Do not break the temple
Muslims saved.
A group of one religion all over Tamilnadu
Sights guarding the shrines of another religion.
Fear of conflict between people
has been lost.
Police continue
Guns are being seized.
Excuse Me!
Former DC called Himmler
Amrish Poojary is... - No.
The reason for this entire attack
Evidence is out. - No. shit.
how are you how are you doing
That is Tamil Nadu.
The evidence is on this drive.
Remember the plan?
hi sir
Made me live
Oh my God. my dear. Thalapathy..
Just tell me what to do.
I will do it.
A few proofs. of which I have spoken
A video has also been sent.
It is in Tamil Nadu
Send to all police.
Why this Thalapathy. this social proof
Without spreading it in media and TV.
Send to the police?
sir
Spread today
You can stop without doing anything.
But he sowed hatred in people's hearts
Gone. humanity and patience planted.
Never again
Thalapathy has said to stop.
how are you
I must have seen all the proofs I sent.
The DGP office is held by a Muslim
They must know that they are not terrorists.
If you stay inside the station after this.
India is the next Africa.
These clashes. bomb blasts.
Guns are behind this..
Neither religion nor people.
Greed for power and greed for profit
Make people understand.
Stop being violent.
Violence comes from hate.
Hate comes from threats.
The threat is coming..
From dirty politics.
We are all together
We need to eliminate that dirty politics.
"All animals are born equal".
we know
you lost
Not only democracy.
No one can destroy our leader.
hitting
Beaten and smiling.
Fear is gone...!?
Kill this one.
Son of Ravana..
Yamaraju who is alone..
All those reflections are him..
<font color="
Varen. come and catch it..
If you cut it. there will be blood..
Who else is Keruma?
One like light..
Swinging.. (Gammen)
Walking is coming..
All veins..
<font color="
That's yours..
Destiny..
If you hit. so..
Mind is going crazy..
Is there a fighting nature?
The pride of someone who has reached the top of the mountain?
You are crazy trying to provoke him..
<font color="
He is a hero like fire..
Will there be a black spot on the hand of the one who laid the hand?
Do you feel fear (responsibility) when you see who he is?
Will it just bloom?
As a dialogue..
Can write..
His story..
<font color="
an enemy..
if sent.
He smiles..
Son of Ravana..
Yamaraju who is alone..
All those reflections are him..
The one who ruled the world..
Himmler!
Land the chopper on the terrace!
Down! Down!
- Come on! - Down!
- It destroyed everything.
Blast it!
You've come a long way!
We can fight another day!
Come quickly!
Blast!
Do you know why India is the world's largest democracy?
No other country has so many races. religions and languages.
Even with so many differences. in harmony
If there is a democratic country.
That is India.
Destroy that democracy
Nobody can.
Many people in democracies.
So many decisions. so much confusion.
We want a dictatorship.
One command.
This story tells.
After this. no one can dance in India.
Thalapathy is the leader of the people who removed the fear of that girl and the fear of the people.
He's down in his heart.
He stood up to save democracy.
Will you stand up?
The people of that village have left
Coming to vote. brother.
Creation of computer coded data copy
Translation and subtitling
Ashen Kavindu (500* sub)
To get subtitles of latest movies
Visit www.zoom.lk.
- Popular director Lokesh Kanagaraj (Leo. Master)-
- Popular director Atlee Kumar -
(Theri. Bigil. Mersal)
- Popular director Nelson Dilip Kumar (Beast)-
sir
Brothers..
Where are you running?
come here
How will the verdict be tomorrow. brother?
Sir. will it make a difference. sir?
If you want to make a difference.
First we need to change.
<font color="
(A history is built in one name)
♪ Erasable. not erasable.. ♪
♪ He is.. ♪
- Start of a change -
♪ Jana Nayagan..! ♪
(people's leader)
Thalapathy..
♪ Our people don't think.. ♪
♪ There will be no change.. ♪
<font color="
♪ A noble man.. ♪
♪ Hearing your name.. ♪
♪ The body is stoned.. ♪
- Let us rise together -
♪ When the eyes see the screen. ♪
- Audio Launch of Jana Nayagan Movie -
♪ Heart melts.. ♪
♪ If you stand as a tower. ♪
<font color="
♪ If you go away. ♪
♪ Our lives will also go.. ♪
♪ It's your own war from now on.. ♪
♪ Life. body. drops of blood.. ♪
♪ Amy. on the one hand.. ♪
♪ In the soul. in the soul.. ♪
(lifelike)
<font color="
♪ These blood stains will never end.. ♪
♪ Until he is in the field.. ♪
♪ Fear will remain.. ♪
♪ One name. one history.. ♪
(A history is built in one name)
♪ Millions of mountains.. ♪
♪ Wherever you go.. ♪
<font color="
♪ Falling like rain.. ♪
♪ To the happiness given.. ♪
♪ It is time for us to give thanks.. ♪
♪ Our hearts.. ♪
♪ Every day you.. ♪
♪ We will carry you like a dream.. ♪
<font color="
♪ Life. body. drops of blood.. ♪
♪ Amy on one side for support.. ♪
♪ In the soul - in the soul.. ♪
♪ The story of this sword will not be erased.. ♪
♪ These blood stains will never end.. ♪
♪ Until he is in the grass.. ♪
<font color="
♪ One name. one history.. ♪
♪ Erasable. not erasable.. ♪
♪ He is.. ♪
♪ Jana Nayagan..! ♪
(people's leader)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org